Initial Documentation (#14)
libcord-tech/gauntlet: documentation/keys.md

# Keys
A detailed description of each key is listed below. These keys will be listed in the order they appear on the
settings page. The "Alternate Functionality" listed below a feature can be activated by holding **SHIFT +**
the key of the feature.
## Move
When looking at a region page, pressing this key will move your nation to the region.

When looking at the reports page,

> pressing this key will refresh the page and click the region the raiders moved to, if applicable.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick, but I feel like the wording could be read as suggesting the keybind triggers both actions when it should only trigger one.
```suggestion
pressing this key will click the region the raiders moved to, if applicable, or refresh the page otherwise.
```

to be dossed if it has already been dossed.
## Move Back to Jump Point
When looking at the region which has the same name as the **jump point you have in settings**, move to that region.

Otherwise, open up the jump point region page.

This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.
## Endorse WA Delegate
When looking at a **region** page, open up the nation page of its WA delegate.

When looking at a **nation** page, endorse that nation.

This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.
## Check If Your Nation Updated
Pressing this key will open up the minimal activity feed of the currently logged in nation. This can be used
to check if your nation updated.

This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.
## Toggle Template
When looking at a page that has a template, load the `template-overall=none` version of that page.

Otherwise, load the templated version of that page.

This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.
## Open Activity Page
Pressing this key will open up the world activity feed filtered to `member`, `move`, and `endo`. This page
can be used to spot for raider activity.

> This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.

Reviewer: Pressing <kbd>A</kbd> twice with Breeze++ will open up the activity page without the `member`, `move`, and `endo` filters, which isn't something that Gauntlet does.

## Open Reports Page
Pressing this key will open up the Reports page.

> This feature is identical to the Breeze++ feature.

Reviewer: Pressing spacebar twice with Breeze++ opens up a world Ajax2 activity page, which isn't something that Gauntlet does.
